# We're not going out
# Not staying in
# Just hanging around
With my head in a spin
# But there is no need
to scream and shout
# We're not going out
# We are not going out. #
How are you getting on
at your mum and dad's?
They're treating me like
I'm ten years old again. Oh, yeah?
Sending you out to buy fags
and making you pretend to
the bailiffs that they're not in?
We had very different childhoods,
didn't we?
This is what it'd be like
if we got divorced.
What? You in the house and
me at my parents' with the kids?
You must know a good lawyer.
Did you have a proper go
at this kitchen fitter
for going over the deadline?
I know how you hate confrontation.
That's not true.
Well, whenever you get a dodgy meal,
you never complain.
I know, but you do your best.
I mean in restaurants!
Oh.
HE CHUCKLES
Why don't we just go with
the fitters
that Anna and Toby recommended?
Because you pay these building
companies by the length of the name.
Why would we want to pay
Marcus Fothergill Brightwaters
Elite Kitchen Solutions
when we can pay a bloke called Dave?
I'm going insane here.
Aw, you've got it easy.
I'm the one that's stuck here
without any water.
I'm having to wee in the garden.
Well, I hope neighbours
aren't seeing you! Fair point.
I'll start using the back garden.
Tell me honestly, Lee,
will he definitely be finished
by Friday? Yes, I promise.
He's virtually finished.
I'm not joking, Lee. You need to
have a word with him right now
and tell him,
in no uncertain terms,
he needs to be done by Friday
or he's in big trouble.
OK?
Love you, sweet cheeks.
Not you.
So, how's it going?
Yeah. The really hard work's
behind me. Yeah, I can see that.
Thing is... Yeah?
I'm just wondering about
this deadline on Friday.
Oh, don't worry about this,
this is just surface.
It'll all come together
in the last couple of days. Right.
It's just that this is
the last couple days.
You see, what I need...
Um, well, not need, obviously,
it's more of a request.
I say request, it's a favour,
if that's not too strong a word.
I'm not quite sure what it is
you're trying to ask me,
but would it be easier
over a cup of tea?
Sure.
Ah, there you go, you see -
you'd like a cup of tea,
I'd like a cup of tea,
my wife would love to come home
and have a cup of tea,
everyone wants a cup of tea,
but there's one vital ingredient
missing, isn't it?
Yeah, you're right - biscuits.
Ah, don't worry.
Found your secret stash.
What have you been doing?
You've been gone ages.
I've been using the gents
for an all-over body wash.
Blimey.
I get embarrassed
when I plug in my laptop.
Yeah, I'm not surprised with
your Michael Buble screensaver.
If you'd employed the fitters
we used,
you wouldn't be in this mess.
Look, he's all right my builder,
he's just a bit old-school,
you know, rolled up copy of The Sun,
some very patriotic tattoos,
and a bum crack
you could park a moped in.
Oh, I get it.
You're scared of him.
I'm not scared of him.
I'm scared of Lucy.
And what did she say
when you told her
it wasn't going to be finished
on time again.
I didn't tell her.
Why do you fear confrontation
so much?
You're as soft as...
You?
Listen, I know how to deal
with workmen in my house.
I get a written estimate,
I keep a close eye on the work,
and if anything goes off schedule...
..I get Anna to talk to them.
What does she do?
She lays down the law -
no boots in the house,
no tea breaks, no music,
no chatting, no laughing,
no using anything
other than the outside Portaloo.
Yeah, but what are the rules
for the workmen?
She gets results.
Yeah, but I don't like all that
"them and us" stuff
bossing someone round like I'm...
Their boss?
I just can't do it.
I know Dave probably sees me
as some sort of middle class ponce.
Bloody hell, how rough is he?
He's looked round our kitchen
and he's seen all the evidence -
spiralizer, Le Creuset set,
strawberry huller.
Blimey, if you'd have told me
when I was 18
one day I'd own a gadget for
taking the tops off strawberries...
You'd have said,
"What's a strawberry?"
But all that stuff,
it's not really me.
I'm from a working-class background.
Are you?
You never really mention it.
That's why I can't lord it over him,
I'm trying to be something I'm not.
Doesn't cut any ice,
but I'll tell you what will...
Your complete set of Selfridges
ice chisels?
A matey chat, like equals -
man to man, bloke to bloke.
Oh, yeah...
Well, you'll carry that off
with your lemon-scented armpits.
You can come to us for a shower,
you know.
I don't think Anna would approve of
me walking around your house naked.
Good point. She's not particularly
keen on you being there
when you've got your clothes on.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dave, mate, how's it going?
Yeah, yeah, making progress.
Yeah, I can see you're getting
though things.
Oh, yeah, the biscuits.
No need to apologise.
I wasn't. I was going to say
we need some more.
It's funny you should say that
because I'd just been for a coffee -
I say coffee,
I mean a couple of jars...
What? You drank two jars of coffee?
..and on the way back I thought,
"I bet Dave's peckish.
"I'll get him an all-day fry-up
in a bap, on white bread,
"Yorkie for afters."
Nice one, mate.
Diet starts tomorrow, eh? Yeah.
Like a lot of things.
It's good to keep
your blood sugar levels up.
I know what it's like
when you're grafting
I used to be on the game...
Uh, in the game.
Oh, yeah? Builder were you?
Oh, yeah.
Worked with my hands for years -
on the sites, down the docks,
in the... woods.
I've done it all, me -
pointing, grouting...
..flossing.
Some of the stuff I used to
get up to. Oh, I used to...
I did all the tricks, me,
you know. Oh!
Glues not screws,
if all else fails, bang in nails,
extended coffee breaks,
crafty fags...
Peeing in the sink. What?
Only joking.
Yeah, I know that,
you're not like other builders.
In fact, in a lot of ways,
you're not like a builder at all.
Cheers, mate, it's nice to hear
cos I did wonder if you're a bit
narked about the pace of the job.
Narked? Don't be silly, mate.
Eh? It takes as long as it takes.
You're an artist.
I mean, how long did it take
to do the Sistine Chapel?
Dunno, wasn't one of mine.
It was Michelangelo,
and it took him four years.
Do you know why?
Cos he didn't have my wife
breathing down his neck.
You know what I'm saying?
Bending your ear, is she?
Oh, Dave, mate,
she's never off my back.
Oh, I feel your pain, mate.
Oh, yeah, your wife give you grief?
Oh, you could say that.
She's dead.
Right. Sorry about that.
Not really!
Got you there. Ha-ha!
Bants, I love it.
So how come I haven't met
your good lady yet?
Well, she likes to keep away
when the work's being done.
She gets a bit petty about
not being able to cook or wash
or having to breathe in asbestos.
Ha! Women! Yeah.
So I suppose this is a bit of a nice
holiday for you without her, eh?
Ha, yeah. Yeah, you probably want me
to take as long as possible.
Oh, no, I really don't.
No, she'll kill me if he's not ready
by the deadline,
you know, this Friday.
It is definitely doable by Friday,
isn't it, mate?
Vimto?
Tell her it'll be done by Friday,
no worries.
Oh, cheers, mate, that's brilliant.
I wouldn't say that to just anyone,
but, as it's you, I'm going to
really get my nose to the grindstone
and make sure we finish
at the agreed time.
That's really good of you, cheers.
So, just to be absolutely clear,
I can phone my wife now
and tell her it's definitely
going to be done by Friday?
Absolutely. Great!
But if we need a plan B...
What?
I'm just saying IF we need a plan B,
which we won't,
what we can do to get
your missus off your back, right,
is tell her we need a seven gauge
retractable pinion bracket.
And do we need a seven gauge
retractable pinion bracket?
Bloody hope not!
There's no such thing.
What am I like?!
I'm assuming that's rhetorical.
But plan B won't be needed, right,
because it'll definitely be done
by this Friday?
No question,
absolutely 110% guaranteed.
OK.
But if it isn't...
If it isn't?  ..which it will be,
absolutely for certain... Right.
..but if it isn't, then Monday
at the absolute latest.
Certainly no later than Tuesday.
Tuesday? All being well.
Right, there it is.
Yep.
Oh, do us a favour, mate.
Oh. Hi, Anna.
Hello, Lee. How are you?
Just seeing how things are going.
I think one of your earrings
is heavier than the other.
Just thought I'd check in
and let Lucy know what's happening
with the kitchen.
I feel it's my duty as her friend.
Well, you can't see it
until it's finished.
It's not a Picasso. It's starting
to look like one.
I see. Toby said things
weren't quite going to plan.
Everything's under control. Good.
Well, you won't mind me taking
a quick look, then.
Dear God, it's like the trenches
of World War I.
But with no poetry.
And even less chance of it
being finished by Christmas.
How did the work get so far behind?
Well, he's just waiting on
an essential part,
a seven gauge
retractable pinion bracket.
There's no such thing.
I know!
Where is this builder, anyway?
He's at lunch. It's 4pm!
Yeah, but, to be fair,
he didn't start till midday.
This is appalling, Lee.
Look at the state of this place!
He's walked dirty boots
all over the rug.
Well, we haven't got a doormat.
Well, that's a matter of opinion.
Look, I know she's your friend
and you've only got her interests
at heart, but don't tell Lucy.
Please.
On one condition -
the moment this man gets back,
you give him a firm dressing down.
Get a written, detailed schedule
of each job
and when he's going to do it,
and then stand over him
and watch him while he does it.
It's the only way it'll get done
by Friday.  Good idea. Good.
Can you tell him that for me?
What? Well, you're so much better
at this sort of thing than me.
He won't listen to me.
You and Lucy employed him,
it's not my kitchen. You're right.
So tell him it is your kitchen.
He's never met Lucy.
But that would make me your...
Oh.
All right. Hello, Dave, mate!
This is my wife, Lucy.
Oh, hello. He's told me
a lot about you, love.
Yeah, she's exactly
as you described.
Anyway, um, back in a mo,
I'm just popping to the caff
to use the facilities.
Uh, excuse me.
After the lunch break you just took,
you actually have the cheek
to turn round
and walk straight back out again?
If you've got to go,
you've got to go, love.
My name's not "love", it's...
..Lucy.
Yes! This is Lucy,
which I've already said.
Hello, Lucy. Nice to meet you.
I'm Dave.
Dave what?
Dave, Miss.
I meant what's your surname?
Uh, Stockton. Right.
Mr Stockton,
let's start again, shall we?
Let's act more like this is
a professional environment,
where services are exchanged
for money,
and less like we're betting
on the outcome of a cockfight
at The Dog and Duck.
How do you mean? You're going back
to work right now, Mr Stockton,
and I'm drawing up an exact schedule
that gives us a fighting chance
of getting this done by Friday.
Understand? Yeah.
Well, what are you waiting for?
A starting pistol or Godot?
Right, I'll crack on, yeah.
And you can smarten yourself up,
for God's sake.
Just because you're living on
a building site
doesn't mean
you need to dress like a labourer.
Yes, darling.
Not the lips.
You're very good at this.
I once made a builder cry so much
he had to relay the damp course.
Anna?
No. Lucy.
Me and Anna split up years ago,
so now I'm married to Lucy.
Dave, this is someone
I haven't seen for years.
Why don't you two go
and have a coffee and catch up
on all those lost years.
I'll be right here, won't I,
Mr Stockton?
See you later. Please don't be long.
I don't know what signals
we've been giving off
but, as I assured you at the time,
I dropped our car keys in that bowl
by accident.
Look, I was under a lot of pressure
and I just snapped
and asked Anna to be my wife.
That's actually the same
as my story.
I didn't realise she was going to be
so frightening. Ditto.
I can't believe she agreed
to pretend to be Lucy,
and yet when I ask her to be
Susie Dent...
I tell you what, she's very good
at this confrontation thing,
isn't she? Yeah.
I've always wanted to send her
to the Middle East.
Not to resolve the conflicts,
I've just always wanted to send her
to the Middle East.
She's done me a massive favour,
you know. You've done her a favour.
She loves being the boss -
hiring and firing,
holding innocent people's lives
in her hands.
Firing? Yeah, that's what she does.
Well, it's certainly
what she did with ours.
But I thought you were delighted
with your builders.
Well, the final ones, yeah,
but she went through loads
before she was happy.
Kitchen fitter after kitchen fitter
until there was only one
left standing.
It was a Darwinian struggle.
Survival of the fitters.
Yeah, but she won't sack Dave,
she knows it needs to be done
by Friday.
Yeah, but you never know with Anna,
when that red fog descends...
I think the phrase is "red mist".
No, the mist is there permanently,
it's the fog and icy conditions
you need to watch out for.
She can't sack Dave
and she needs to be told.
Don't look at me, she's your wife.
Where's Dave? Yeah, he's a big lad,
what have you done with the body?
He's gone to get a tool
from his van. Right.
I do allow people to pop out
if necessary.
I'm not a complete tyrant.
DAVE PANTS
Did I make it?
With six seconds to spare.
I can't handle this.
Well done, he's certainly
pulling his finger out.
I'm not surprised -
I gave him his final warning.
And then what? The naughty step?
In my experience,
it's more like The Hurt Locker.
I just find people work better
when their job's being threatened,
it's why I always mutter
about the divorce lawyer
whenever Toby's late
putting the bins out.
Can I just say, Anna,
thanks for everything,
but I reckon I can take it
from here.
I'm sorry?
Well, you've been so amazing,
I don't think you need to be
my wife any more.
You can't get rid of me that easily.
You can't, I've looked into it.
The moment I leave, that man
will fall back into his old habits
and Lucy will come home
and find her house in total chaos.
Why don't you two run along again?
Leave this to the grown-ups.
Actually, why don't we stick around
and we'll all three of us
project manage it together?
What? Good cop, bad cop,
and not-much cop?
Can't I be Robocop?
Then I'd have guns for arms
and I could blow my own brains out.
I'll go and check on him.
DAVE GASPS
Oh, I thought you were her.
No, you'll know when it's her,
the birds stop singing.
Since you went out,
she chucked my radio in the bin
and threaten to dock my pay
if I whistle.
Look, don't take it personally.
She's a pussycat, really.
All right, a tiger.
All right, a sabre-toothed tiger.
Are you really sanding those joints
with 40-grit sandpaper?
You're not fitting a kitchen
in a crack house!
And have you been sniffing
wood vanish?
Because you must be high
on something if you think
those units are sitting flush
together.
I could drive a pig
through that gap.
Right, that's it.
You can't sack him.
That's right, she can't. See.
Cos I quit.
Wait! You can't leave now,
otherwise I won't pay you.
Oh, yes, you will.
You're right, I will.
I'll collect my stuff soon,
in the daylight when she's asleep.
Well, I think my work here is done.
Best not to mention this to Lucy,
I don't want her to think
I was meddling.
Yes, and hopefully Anna's learnt
a valuable lesson today
about respecting people's feelings.
Oh, shut up and die, Toby.
Or maybe not.
PHONE RINGS
It's Lucy. Which one?
The real one.
Well, seeing as you've done nothing
but avoid confrontation,
maybe it's time you confronted
the truth.
Which is what? You're a pillock.
At some point in your life,
you're going to have to accept
that a certain level of conflict
is inevitable.
You're right.
You should definitely tell her that.
Answer it.
LEE SIGHS
Hi, Lucy. Hi.
Having fun at your mum and dad's?
No. Are you sure?
Because I was thinking if you wanted
to stay on for a bit
and make it into a
bit of a sabbatical...
What's happened? Nothing's happened.
Well, very little anyway.
Let me speak to this builder
right now.
Um, you can't, he's up the ladder.
In the kitchen? Put him on now.
OK.
I'm just fetching him now.
With all due respect to Toby,
he's not going to pull this off
on FaceTime.
Oh, hi, Lucy. You look nice.
Where's Dave?
All right.
The absolute truth?
He's gone. Gone? Where?
To go and get more builders
to help him finish the job.
What?
I was not happy about the pace
he was going
so I tore right into him.
I said, "No more shilly-shallying
from you, good man."
It's the only language
these people understand.
What, 18th century English?
Well, well done for confronting him.
So it'll be definitely finished
when I get back, then?
Yep. Promise?
Absolutely. We're almost done.
Well, show me, then.
What? Can I see the kitchen?
Yeah.
I'll give you a quick guided tour.
Yeah, it's looking...
Hello?
Lee? Oh, you've frozen. Lee?
I... Eh... Hm... Mm...
No, you're breaking up.
Ugh! Lee?
Oh, forget it.
Bye.
I think I got away with that.
Yes.
Perfect.
All you need now is for
Rumpelstilts-kitchen to come round
and finish the job
and everything will be fine.
Unless...
I finish the job myself.
He's left all his tools.
Look, T-junction, gut wrench,
monkey nuts.
All I need now is a spanner.
I'm looking at one.
There's no way you can do this
on your own.
You're right.
Oh, God.
# Our house
# In the middle of our street
# In the middle of our
# Our house
# In the middle of our street
# Something tells you that
you've got to move away from it
# Father gets up late for work
# Mother has to iron his shirt
# Then she sends the kids to school
# Sees them off with a small kiss
# She's the one they're going to
miss in lots of ways
# Our house
# In the middle of our street
# In the middle of our
# I remember way back then
when everything was true and when
# We would have such a very good
time, such a fine time
# Such a happy time
# And I remember how we'd play,
simply waste the day away
# Then we'd say nothing
could come between us
# Two dreamers
# Father wears his Sunday best
# Mother's tired, she needs a rest
# The kids are playing up downstairs
# Sister's sighing in her sleep
# Brother's got... #
I'm home!
Don't worry,
I left the kids with Mum and Dad.
I want some peace and quiet
to enjoy my new kitchen!
Um, can you come back a bit later?
It's not quite ready.
No, I can't wait any longer.
Should I close my eyes?
Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
I wish you'd give me another
five minutes
I wanted to iron the tea towels.
Oh, my God, Lee!
He's done it brilliantly!
Oh, I love him!
Toby was just passing.
Samaritans don't open till ten.
Oh, it looks amazing!
Oh, well done.
Oh, I didn't think
he'd have it finished on time.
Well, you should have more faith
in your project manager.
Once I tell someone to do something,
they are like putty in my hands.
That's not putty, that's play-doh.
Is it?
Don't worry,
I'll just get a dustpan.
Ooh.
I'll just...
..pop that back on.
At least the... the island's
nice and sturdy.
We're just waiting on a seven gauge
retractable pinion bracket.
Where's Dave?
That's what I want to know.
Bloody con man.
He's probably done a runner,
so we'll never track him down now.
Morning!
Don't mind me,
just come back for my gear.
Hey, your wife isn't about, is she?
Actually, Dave.
Oh.
So you're the mysterious Dave?
That's right.
What do you call this?
Call it pretty shocking.
Screws missing,
plasterboard harpoon fixing
in a brick wall.
Disgraceful.
That panel looks like
it's been stuck on with Pritt stick.
Told you it should have been
Blu-Tack.
Not even an apology?
Who are you? I'm Lucy.
No, you're not. Aren't I?
Well, who is, then? She is.
She's not Lucy.
Well, then how come she's been
bossing me about
to get this kitchen built?
I outsourced it.
You got Anna to be the bad guy?
Sometimes you have to find
the best person for the job.
Shame you didn't think about that
when you hired Wreck-It Ralph.
I didn't do it.
This has been done by cowboys.
Which cowboys?
Yee-ha.
You see, this is what happens
when you can't do confrontation.
Which he never can. Yes, Lee, it's
ridiculous the way you've acted.
You should have shown some backbone.
You can't spend your whole life
not standing up to people.
Got a point. You're pathetic.
Oh, why don't you all BLEEP off!
It's not my fault.
You should have stayed here
and dealt with things yourself
instead of running off
to your mummy's like a little baby
because you're too prissy to wee
in the back garden occasionally.
You shouldn't have acted out
your crazed power-trip fantasies
like some sort of two-bit suburban
dominatrix drill sergeant.
You should have spent more time
working with those power tools
instead of using them to scratch
your big fat arse crack.
And you need to learn
how to fit a six-unit Peninsula
kitchen properly, you useless twat.
There! How's that for confrontation?
Hm? Right, why don't you all
piss off out of my kitchen
and let me sit down
and have a good cry?
Actually, maybe that was a bit much.
Why don't we sort this out
over a nice cup of tea?
That's good.
The water's back on.
# We're not going out
# Not staying in
# Just hanging around
with my head in a spin
# But there is no need
to scream and shout
# We're not going out
# We are not going out. #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org